Next is to hide a row in the quotation document.
We are going to add an extra piece of information, delivery
information, but we want to display it only for domestic
quotations, and hide it for non‑domestic quotations.
You can do this by calling the setZeroHeight method on the
required row, passing in a value of true.
The delivery information will be displayed on row 17, like this,
but when it's hidden, it will look like this. Back in the code, copy
and paste the addInfo method from exercise files.
This will add the delivery information to the quotation.
Now depending on the value of isDomestic flag,
you can call the setZeroHeight method on the infoRo like this,
and pass in false or true, as required to show or hide the row. Call the
method inside generate quotation method, and as you can see, we have
passed false to isDomestic in the main class.
So when you run this, you can see that the delivery details row is hidden,
which is row 17.
You can change the method parameter in the main class to true, and see what happens as well.